# Git Practice
Originally interested in studying architecture, now pursuing computer science in my undergraduate career, I am interested in understanding the impact of software development in architecture. Thus, this project briefly explores the connection between the two, seemingly, disparate fields, through one particular case study.

[The Wicked, the Tamed and the Transformative Nature of Artificial Intelligence](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/ad.3049)

Like many other fields and industries AI is disrupting, architecture is also experiencing a paradigm shift. With efficient algorithms running on fast hardware, as well as a seemingly consummate command of linear algebra, vector calculus, and differential geometry, these programs are able to output geometric forms of a stunning level of complexity and variety that knows no limits. Having said “no limits” in the context of AI, it is therefore obvious that it has enormous potential to explore the unimaginable, and expand the boundaries of form in architecture. As we look for new ideas and ways of expressing ourselves--a human instinct that will never cease even if non-human intelligence surpasses that of the human–-we are interested in exploring and understanding the new possibilities of form that AI has afforded us.

Not only is AI useful for exploring the visual language of form, but it is also adept at predicting and optimizing, two actions necessary for harmonizing architecture with its surroundings. Ofcourse, its prediction and optimization capabilities are powered by machine learning in statistics and theoretical probability. Fed large amounts of data, a machine learning model uses statistical algorithms to discover latent patterns or mathematical phenomena and uses these insights, along with probability algorithms, to make predictions or forecast future events. Playing its role in prediction and optimization, machine learning is guiding architects and architecture towards a more sustainable future, paving the way for ecologically cooperating and environmentally appropriate structures. In addition to form, for which AI has given us plenty of bold ideas, it has also unveiled the once unnoticed guidelines for building sustainably.

### Ellen Wong:
I enjoyed this article because it is addressing a very common concern that has been spreading in the society regarding the future of human versus AI. It particularly focuses on architecture, providing people with guidelines on how to correctly vision the use of AI. 